# Synth Studio Text guided Image Editing
## Product Overview

Text-guided Image Editing helps in creating high-quality ethical images by adding or omitting the elements in a given masked area/region of interest of input images based on the text provided.  The solution is capable of generating photo-realistic images given any text input, with the capability of editing the pictures by using a masked image.  The solution uses the diffusion models to create the same image but completely changed entities/elements in the selected regions with reduced memory and computational cost. Suppose to remove certain elements/objects from the image, just provide the masked image of the area to be edited with an input 'empty' and leave the rest to us.  It can also enhance the resolution or change the design of the image as per the text input. The solution uses ML-based content moderation techniques to consider the ethical aspects of generated images by sending appropriate warnings. 

## Product Highlight
* The solution can also be used for targeted image upscaling/editing, in which the resolution of an image is increased, with more designs and styles potentially being added to the image.  The solution renders something entirely new in any part of an existing picture.The model also considers the ethical aspects of image generation and gives NSFW (Not Safe For Work) warnings appropriately. The content input by the user and output generated by the listing needs to be duly verified for quality and ethical concerns before using/integrating with other applications.
* This guided image synthesis can be applied to use cases like data augmentation, in which the visual features of image data are changed to create more data of a similar kind. This reduces manual effort and improves productivity in cross-functional industries, some of which are metaverse, online content generation, Creative/Digital media, wildlife photography, designing UX/UI, etc.
* Mphasis Synth Studio is an Enterprise Synthetic Data solution for generating high-quality synthetic data that can help derive and monetize trustworthy business insights while preserving privacy and protecting data subjects. Build reliable and high-accuracy models when you have no or low data. 
Need customized Machine Learning and Deep Learning solutions? Get in touch!
## Amazon Marketplace Link
The product can be found [here](https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp/prodview-4svzsrobdh5lu?sr=0-1&ref_=beagle&applicationId=AWSMPContessa)
